DOC: Clean up surface outputs (#1993)
poldracklab/fmriprep: docs/outputs.rst

**Grayordinates files**.
CIFTI is a container format that holds both volumetric (regularly sampled in a grid)
and surface (sampled on a triangular mesh) samples.

> Sub-cortical time series are volumetric (space: ``MNI152NLin6Asym``), while cortical

Reviewer: Since this is specified by HCP, I think adding the spaces names only clutters:
```suggestion
Sub-cortical time series are sampled on a regular grid derived from one MNI template, while cortical
```

> time series are sampled to surface (space: ``fsLR``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
time-series are sampled on surfaces projected from the [Glasser2016]_ template.
```

With the Glasser reference being:
> Glasser, M., Coalson, T., Robinson, E. et al. A multi-modal parcellation of human cerebral cortex. Nature 536, 171–178 (2016). https://doi.org/10.1038/nature18933

Perhaps, it would be nice to also add a link to the cifti spec of HCP: https://www.nitrc.org/forum/attachment.php?attachid=333&group_id=454&forum_id=1955
